[14.0][MIG] sale_stock_available_to_promise_release_cutoff: Migration to 14.0 (#304)
OCA/wms: sale_stock_available_to_promise_release_cutoff/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> Glue module between `sale_stock_available_to_promise_release` and `sale_cutoff_time_delivery`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Glue module between `sale_stock_available_to_promise_release` and `sale_delivery_date`.
```
